README.md, before:

# cspell-dicts

Various [cspell](https://github.com/streetsidesoftware/cspell) dictionaries. Each dictionary is its own package. See `README.md` in each directory.

## Language Dictionaries

- [Catalan](packages/ca)
- [Czech](packages/cs_CZ)
- [Danish](packages/da_DK)
- [Dutch](packages/nl_NL)
- [English - American](packages/en_US) (Included by default in cspell and [VS Code Spell Checker](https://github.com/Jason-Rev/vscode-spell-checker))
- [English - British](packages/en_GB) (Included by default in cspell and VS Code Spell Checker)
- [Esperanto](packages/eo)
- [French](packages/fr_FR)
- [German](packages/de_DE)
- [Greek](packages/el)
- [Hebrew](packages/he)
- [Italian](packages/it_IT)
- [Persian](packages/fa_IR)
- [Polish](packages/pl_PL)
- [Portuguese - Brazilian](packages/pt_BR)
- [Portuguese](packages/pt_PT)
- [Russian](packages/ru_RU) (Small)
- [Russian](packages/russian) (Large)
- [Spanish](packages/es_ES)
- [Swedish](packages/sv)
- [Turkish](packages/tr_TR)
- [Ukrainian](packages/uk_UA)
- [Vietnamese](packages/vi_VN)

## Programming Dictionaries

- [bash](packages/bash) - Bash/Shell scripts
- [cpp](packages/cpp) - C and C++
- [Django](packages/django) - Django framework function names
- [Elixir](packages/elixir)
- [Go](packages/golang)
- [Java](packages/java)
- [LaTex](packages/latex)
- [Lua](packages/lua)
- [PHP](packages/php)
- [Python](packages/python)
- [Ruby](packages/ruby)
- [Rust](packages/rust)
- [Scala](packages/scala)

## Specialized Dictionaries

- [Cryptocurrencies](packages/cryptocurrencies)
- [HTML Symbol Entities](packages/html-symbol-entities)
- [lorem ipsum](packages/lorem-ipsum)
- [Medical Terms](packages/medicalterms)
- [Scientific Terms](packages/scientific_terms_US)

## Contributing

Please help correct any mistakes in the dictionaries.

See: [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## How to create a new dictionary

Please fork this repository to add new dictionaries.

### Using Yeoman script

The [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/) script can help you create the dictionary template files seen in most of dictionary directories.

#### Install cspell-tools

```
npm i -g cspell-tools
npm i -g hunspell-reader
```

#### Install Yeoman Generator

Install Yeoman and then link the generator.

```sh
cd generator-cspell-dicts
npm link
cd ..
```

#### Running the generator

In the `cspell-dicts` repository root.

```sh
npx yo cspell-dicts <name> <path/to/source/words>
```

Yeoman will ask you a series of questions:

| Field         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name          | this is the dictionary. i.e. en_AU or ruby                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| friendly name | this is the friendly name, like Australian                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| description   | short description of the dictionary.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| source file   | this is the source file to use to build the dictionary. It can be a .txt or hunspell .dic file. This file will be copied to the dictionary project.                                                                                                                        |
| local         | this is the two letter language code with an optional cultural code. a `*` mean it will match any language. More than one local can be added by separating them with a comma. i.e. en, en_AU.                                                                              |
| languageId    | this is the VS Code programming language id or file type. `*` will match all file types. Examples: `java`, `cpp`, `plaintext`, `markdown`, `ruby`. [Types know to cspell](https://github.com/streetsidesoftware/cspell/blob/master/packages/cspell-lib/src/LanguageIds.ts) |
| store as trie | for large source files (> 1MB) or hunspell files, this should be `y`. `n` will work for all programming language keyword files.                                                                                                                                            |
| run build     | prepare the word list so it can be used by cspell efficiently. You can always run the build step yourself in the dictionary directory `npm run build`.                                                                                                                     |

Once all the questions have been answered, the dictionary directory will be created and the files will be copied.

Please update `README.md` and `LICENSE` files as necessary.

## Testing Dictionaries

### Smoke test

#### Linking

From the dictionary directory

```sh
npm run cspell-link
```

This will add an entry in the cspell global config to import the `cspell-ext.json` file in the dictionary directory.

Use either VS Code or cspell to verify that files spell check correctly.

##### Verify with `cspell`

- Install `cspell`: `npm install -g cspell`
- Check a file: `cspell check path/to/source/file.ext`

Checking a file will show you what has been ignored (gray) as well as what is considered an error (red):

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3740137/41818772-72e20458-77b5-11e8-8d81-0f836ecf4e62.png)

##### Clean up

Remember to unlink when you are done:

```sh
npm run cspell-unlink
```

#### npm Global Install

From the dictionary directory.

```sh
npm install -g
```

Then run the link command found in the dictionary `README.md` file.
It has the following pattern: `cspell-dict-<name>-link`.
To unlink: `cspell-dict-<name>-unlink`

Commit message:

ci: move dictionary generate to yarn

README.md, after:

# cspell-dicts

Various [cspell](https://github.com/streetsidesoftware/cspell) dictionaries. Each dictionary is its own package. See `README.md` in each directory.

## Language Dictionaries

- [Catalan](packages/ca)
- [Czech](packages/cs_CZ)
- [Danish](packages/da_DK)
- [Dutch](packages/nl_NL)
- [English - American](packages/en_US) (Included by default in cspell and [VS Code Spell Checker](https://github.com/Jason-Rev/vscode-spell-checker))
- [English - British](packages/en_GB) (Included by default in cspell and VS Code Spell Checker)
- [Esperanto](packages/eo)
- [French](packages/fr_FR)
- [German](packages/de_DE)
- [Greek](packages/el)
- [Hebrew](packages/he)
- [Italian](packages/it_IT)
- [Persian](packages/fa_IR)
- [Polish](packages/pl_PL)
- [Portuguese - Brazilian](packages/pt_BR)
- [Portuguese](packages/pt_PT)
- [Russian](packages/ru_RU) (Small)
- [Russian](packages/russian) (Large)
- [Spanish](packages/es_ES)
- [Swedish](packages/sv)
- [Turkish](packages/tr_TR)
- [Ukrainian](packages/uk_UA)
- [Vietnamese](packages/vi_VN)

## Programming Dictionaries

- [bash](packages/bash) - Bash/Shell scripts
- [cpp](packages/cpp) - C and C++
- [Django](packages/django) - Django framework function names
- [Elixir](packages/elixir)
- [Go](packages/golang)
- [Java](packages/java)
- [LaTex](packages/latex)
- [Lua](packages/lua)
- [PHP](packages/php)
- [Python](packages/python)
- [Ruby](packages/ruby)
- [Rust](packages/rust)
- [Scala](packages/scala)

## Specialized Dictionaries

- [Cryptocurrencies](packages/cryptocurrencies)
- [HTML Symbol Entities](packages/html-symbol-entities)
- [lorem ipsum](packages/lorem-ipsum)
- [Medical Terms](packages/medicalterms)
- [Scientific Terms](packages/scientific_terms_US)

## Contributing

Please help correct any mistakes in the dictionaries.

See: [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## How to create a new dictionary

Please fork this repository to add new dictionaries.

## Install Yarn

[Installation | Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)

### Using Yeoman script

The [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/) script can help you create the dictionary template files seen in most of dictionary directories.

#### Running the generator

In the `cspell-dicts` repository root.

```sh
yarn run create-dictionary -- <name> <path/to/source/words>
```

Yeoman will ask you a series of questions:

| Field         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name          | this is the dictionary. i.e. en_AU or ruby                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| friendly name | this is the friendly name, like Australian                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| description   | short description of the dictionary.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| source file   | this is the source file to use to build the dictionary. It can be a .txt or hunspell .dic file. This file will be copied to the dictionary project.                                                                                                                        |
| local         | this is the two letter language code with an optional cultural code. a `*` mean it will match any language. More than one local can be added by separating them with a comma. i.e. en, en_AU.                                                                              |
| languageId    | this is the VS Code programming language id or file type. `*` will match all file types. Examples: `java`, `cpp`, `plaintext`, `markdown`, `ruby`. [Types know to cspell](https://github.com/streetsidesoftware/cspell/blob/master/packages/cspell-lib/src/LanguageIds.ts) |
| store as trie | for large source files (> 1MB) or hunspell files, this should be `y`. `n` will work for all programming language keyword files.                                                                                                                                            |
| run build     | prepare the word list so it can be used by cspell efficiently. You can always run the build step yourself in the dictionary directory `yarn run build`.                                                                                                                    |

Once all the questions have been answered, the dictionary directory will be created and the files will be copied.

Please update `README.md` and `LICENSE` files as necessary.

## Testing Dictionaries

### Smoke test

#### Linking

From the dictionary directory

```sh
npm run cspell-link
```

This will add an entry in the cspell global config to import the `cspell-ext.json` file in the dictionary directory.

Use either VS Code or cspell to verify that files spell check correctly.

##### Verify with `cspell`

- Install `cspell`: `npm install -g cspell`
- Check a file: `cspell check path/to/source/file.ext`

Checking a file will show you what has been ignored (gray) as well as what is considered an error (red):

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3740137/41818772-72e20458-77b5-11e8-8d81-0f836ecf4e62.png)

##### Clean up

Remember to unlink when you are done:

```sh
npm run cspell-unlink
```

#### npm Global Install

From the dictionary directory.

```sh
npm install -g
```

Then run the link command found in the dictionary `README.md` file.
It has the following pattern: `cspell-dict-<name>-link`.
To unlink: `cspell-dict-<name>-unlink`
